docs/store.md, before:

---
title: Ranges
description: Circular distance tool that cuts to the heart of measuring ranges without the dagger of a complex setup
author: Owlbear Rodeo
image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owlbear-rodeo/ranges/main/docs/header.jpg
icon: https://ranges.owlbear.rodeo/logo.png
tags:
  - built-by-owlbear
  - tool
manifest: https://ranges.owlbear.rodeo/manifest.json
learn-more: https://extensions.owlbear.rodeo/ranges
---

# Ranges

A quick and easy tool for measuring circular distances on maps. Check ranges with a simple click and drag - no need to dagger through complex menus or settings. Perfect for when you need rough distance estimates at the heart of your workflow.

## Use the tool

This extension adds a new Range mode to the measure tool.

![Range mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owlbear-rodeo/ranges/main/docs/tool.jpg)

Once this tool is selected you can view ranges by holding and draging in the Scene.
If you move a token while this tool is active the range will stay stationary so you can see how far your token has moved.

**Support**

If you need support for this extension you can email <support@owlbear.rodeo>

Commit message:

Add store docs for the themes

docs/store.md, after:

---
title: Ranges
description: Circular distance tool that cuts to the heart of measuring ranges without the dagger of a complex setup
author: Owlbear Rodeo
image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owlbear-rodeo/ranges/main/docs/header.jpg
icon: https://ranges.owlbear.rodeo/logo.png
tags:
  - built-by-owlbear
  - tool
manifest: https://ranges.owlbear.rodeo/manifest.json
learn-more: https://extensions.owlbear.rodeo/ranges
---

# Ranges

A quick and easy tool for measuring circular distances on maps. Check ranges with a simple click and drag - no need to dagger through complex menus or settings. Perfect for when you need rough distance estimates at the heart of your workflow.

## Use the tool

This extension adds a new Range mode to the measure tool.

![Range mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owlbear-rodeo/ranges/main/docs/tool.jpg)

Once this tool is selected you can view ranges by holding and draging in the Scene.
If you move a token while this tool is active the range will stay stationary so you can see how far your token has moved.

## Color Blind Themes

As well as the base theme there are three color themes that target specific color blindess.

These themes can be found using the Range Theme action.

![Range themes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owlbear-rodeo/ranges/main/docs/themes.jpg)

**Support**

If you need support for this extension you can email <support@owlbear.rodeo>
